Release 3.2.0 (#1361)
microsoft/onefuzz: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
* Service: Fixed authentication when using a client secret. [#1300](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/1300)
* Deployment: Fixed an issue where the application role assign is not respected when creating new cli registrations. [#1308](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/1308)

> * Deployment: Disable logging from the storage client when creating tables as the exception is handled internally by the storage client module. [#1304](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/1304)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deployment: Suppress a dependency's noisy logging of handled errors when deploying. [#1304](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/1304)
```
